c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\VisitingAPI.dll.config
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\VisitingAPI.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\VisitingAPI.pdb
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\obj\Debug\VisitingAPI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\obj\Debug\VisitingAPI.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\obj\Debug\VisitingAPI.pdb
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\MongoDB.Bson.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.dll
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\MongoDB.Bson.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.xml
c:\users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\bojan.buneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\VisitingAPI\VisitingAPI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.xml
